Meriam says I’m the non-existent eighth dwarf called Frumpy. That would be a funny idea to put together a book called Dwarfs Eight Through Fourteen which would be about a set of seven additional dwarfs that lived just down the road from the famous seven dwarfs. They’re second cousins of Dopey’s. Their names are Frumpy, Dumpy, Nurse, Chronically Ill, Silly, Manic, and Brainiac. They live in a small compound because many years ago they had a large spat among themselves two on one side, three on another and the other two wishing to remain neutral. Nurse and Chronically Ill were on opposite sides. Chronically Ill not taking Nurse constant attention in the manner she intended, complaining that she was butting in to his business. Dumpy and Frumpy took the side of Chronically Ill saying Nurse was constantly on their ass for their appearance and cleanliness, respectively. Brainiac took Nurse’s side saying that anyone could see that all three of them, Frumpy, Dumpy and Chronically Ill were clinically depressed and should seek help. Silly and Manic were too busy and self absorbed to become involved. The once loving house deteriorated into a mess of arguing and recriminations eventually leading to a split that the dwarfs had been living with for many years. In fact, Snow White had stopped at their compound the morning before she had first moved in with the first seven dwarfs, choosing this later group over our protagonists because of the seemingly cohesive household. It is little known that in Snow’s deepest hour of despair she had actually had an insightful conversation with Manic about her impending existential crises. In fact, some scholars think that Manic may have actually been Prince Charming.
